so let us write a recursive function str length which takes
the string and index as parameters and it returns integer
which will be the length of the string
So we need a static variable to store the length
So write static int length equal to zero now we need
to check if the character at index is valid or
not
And if str of index is valid that is
it is not null character
We need to increment length and called the next recursive
function with index plus one value so write if
str of index not equal to null character then length plus
plus and return str length of str coma index plus
one
Otherwise that is if str of index is equal to
null character
We need to stop the recursive calls and return their
length so right If str of index is equal to
null character then return length and that's we have implented the logic recursive to find string length.